What does a guy using Malcolm X and you can see that we're totally done with the website.
This is our home page for a blog post.
OK.
And let's go here let's go to dashboard and let's just compare the normal blog with this blog case.
I'm going to go here I'm going to slash blog.
OK.
And now you can see let's just compare both of this the vote of the thing.
So we have this blog right here and we have this blog KHRAIS here which plug you like the most I'm sure.
I'm pretty sure that you're like sorry this one.
This this blog obviously obviously no one everyone would say that you write like this plug because this
blog is amazing not this blog.
So this plug is the simple block.
That is why I always recommend to go with this elementary theme.
So you now also know how to build a blog base to say OK what you have to do right now is that you have
to go to the dashboard right here and let's delete that let's delete that post and leave that page.
Let's go to the page and let's delete that post-paid because we don't want that piece post-paid.
I'm just going to come here.
I'm going to hit trash and you can see that it should be sent to trash.
Let me go and I'm going to open up my website and he can see that I just have the one single page.
That is the blog page.
So what I'm going to do right now I will be just moving up the menu right here.
I'll show you that.
How can you create a menu for all the categories as well and for specific categories because we need
so many of the specific categories.
If you're running a blog page OK.
We also want to work with the sidebar right here and we also want to work for the full array here and
this as well.
So we will be doing this right now.
Let's go to the manual with first so will first rate for the menu right here.
And then we will be working up with this.
OK.
Let's go to this guy right here.
Let's go to the dashboard.
And then here we want to work with this.
So what we want to do we want to go to the appearance and then we want to go to the menus right here
and we want to add some links here.
So first of all we want to add the page of the home page.
There we go.
This is added right here.
And I want to display to location to be the main menu.
So let's go ahead and let's save and let's have a look at our blog page right here.
OK.
So this is the home button.
This is coming right here where we will be editing this later on.
Or just let's end this first so that we can work.
I want to go test to this and then I want to change the color of my menu.
So here we are in the Customize section.
This is being loaded.
Let's wait
and now here we want to go to the header here
and then we have to go to the menu.
So we have to change the color of the menu.
So my menu link color is going to be white.
OK.
This is for white.
And my link color on Hoover should turn to full black cool.
OK.
What I want to do right now is OK let's use the full black one.
And let's use the full white here.
OK.
And then we have the link color the current menu item so current menu item should be
just choose the black one because I think so.
OK so this is our current menu item.
This is turned to black.
And then we have the link Macron So if you need if you need any of the link back from me you can also
go with us choosing the right looks pretty villa.
But I think you choose to be the default one the clear one.
OK.
And then we have the link back grown on whoever I link back current any way to nothing.
That what we have to do we have to work with the category as well.
I'm going to come here.
I'm going to hit publish and I want to add some categories right here.
So let's go to the category and you can see this is how these categories are coming I'm going to click
View all and you can see all the categories are coming so I'm going to add basically a category section
you can add a category section or you can just add the categories to be aneroid or this one vote I'm
going to do.
I'm just going to select all and I'm going to add too many.
So you can see these categories must be added.
So these are coming right here.
In the end really it should be the subcategory it should be the subcategory of HTC and Samsung.
And then we have the Apple Watch this.
And let's bring in tray here.
Let's bring in tray here.
Then we have the windows the windows we have the Dell is the subcategory and computer is just south
of Dell.
This is the some of Dell and this is it.
So we have these categories right here.
I'm going to go ahead and I'm going to hit save menu and now here.
Let's go ahead and let's refresh.
So this is being refreshed.
You can see here should be all the categories that we have added right here.
So let's wait
OK.
Here we go.
You can see this is how it is looking.
We have Android and then we have the HTC LG and Samsung we have US.
So in the U.S. We have Apple Watch.
I'm an iPhone in the windows.
We have the Dell.
So this is the description of the category that is also coming.
So we want to change this later on.
OK what we have to do right now is that we need to go to the head array here and we want to go to the
menu.
Now we have to go down and we have the drop down styling.
So for the job down styling the background color should be as same as this.
So I want to choose the dropper.
I want to come here I want a hit page color and I want to track this so I just need the color of this.
I'm going to come here and the link color copy.
I'm going to come here and I'm going to hit paste.
So now it should be same like this.
OK.
I want to just remove a hash right here.
So this should be of the same color you can see.
Then we have the top border color which is this the blue.
This is coming I want it to be full black OK.
This looks cool.
And then we have the borders color show I don't want any border.
So I'm going to choose the transparency to be low flow so you can see we have no borders right here.
And what I want now is that I want the link color so my link color is going to be a white OK.
Now what.
Well what I want I want the link color on Hoover to be full black and the link color.
We have the background on Hoeber.
We want this to be normal.
Dilling color current menu item should be turned to full black so you can see how this is looking.
We also have the link color on Hoover.
So in color.
Always changing to this.
So now we're totally done with this as well.
What I'm going to do I'm just going to go ahead and I'm going to hit publish and you can see that we
are done with the menus.
I'm going to come here.
I'm going to go to category in the post.
And let's just close it.
And here I want to configure the Dell category.
OK I want to hit quick edit sorry.
I want to hit it and here I want to edit this Katic this description.
I want to delete everything.
There we go.
I'm going to come here and I'm going to hit.
Update Snellius come here and let's have a look at our blog.
So we have this android in the DC LG Samson and then we have the US and then we have the window.
OK.
I want to refresh this physically because we have removed that.
So now in the
Update the categories of they did go back to the category I think let's come here let's refresh.
Why the hell is this coming.
OK.
Let's come here to the menus right here again.
And what I want to do right here I want to go to the Dell and
select the template disabling display.
Latest post icon icon.
OK.
What I want to do I just want to come here I want this to be deleted right here.
Let's come here and let's delete it.
OK.
And I want to come here to the categories here again and I wanted to add too many Let's just bring it
to the top and let's just call this
cool.
I want to hit save money.
And there we go.
Let's go ahead and let's view our Web page
let's get it right and here we go.
You can see this is now coming totally OK.
So we have Android we have US we have the windows.
And this is the Dell.
And inside this we can create some something like this.
So thanks a lot guys for watching this.
In the next video we will be taking up more stuff.
Goodbye.